1) What is homebrew?

  Homebrew is a free and open-source software package management system that
  simplifies the installation of software on Apple's OS X operating system.

2) What is git and why do we need it?

  Git serves as a version control software that allows coding work to be
  snapshotted. The integrity of Git also makes it essential as a main
  working tool to most programmers.

3) What is rbenv?

  Ruby related. Skipped.

4) Describe the format of an IP address

  IP address comprises of 4 ranged numbers. All 4 numbers range from 0 to 255.

5) What is HTTP? How is it different from HTTPS?

  HTTP and HTTPS both represents the protocol in which how the server and the
  client communicates with each other. HTTPS connections are encrypted. The
  connection using HTTPS protocol requires authentication of the server and
  client machine.

6) Describe the format of an IP address

  The first part of the URL states the protocol the site is running. The
  second part of the URL is the domain name, starting from www to .com. The
  rest of the URL is the directory in which the HTML file is stored, or a
  dynamic URL that the page is generated from.

7) What's a GUI? What's a CLI? Can you give an example of each?

  GUI stands for Graphical User Interface. CLI stands for Command Line
  Interface. An example of GUI is a calculator application. An example of
  CLI is the terminal.

8) Explain the difference between absolute path and relative path. Provide an
   example.

  Absolute path directs the path from the root directory of the given machine.
  Relative path directs the path from the current working directory. Relative
  path starts with / while absolute path start directly with a directory name.

9) How can I see all the commands I've typed in the terminal before?

  Press the up arrow key to see the previous terminal commands.

10) What's root directory? What is home directory? How can I quickly go to my
    home directory in the shell?

  A root directory is where all the file system of your machine starts from.
  Home directory is where the user files starts from and used by the user the
  most. You can use cd ~ to quickly switch to your home directory.

11) Write the command needed to:

- List all the files in the working directory
  ls

- List all the files in the working directory, with detailed information
  ll

- Create a file named my_heart
  touch my_heart

- Create a new directory named homework
  mkdir homework

- Copy the foo directory into a new directory named bar
  cp foo bar

- Rename the /usr/local/ directory to /usr/home
  mv /usr/local/ /usr/home

12) Please describe the permission of my_file.txt
    -rw-r-x-wx  1 michael wdi_9 224 Jul 29 21:03 my_file.txt

  The first 3 letters represents user's permission with the file, next 3 is
  group's permission and last 3 is other user's permission. They represent
  read, write and executable respectively.

13) What is $PATH? Why is it useful? How can I see the contents of the PATH
    environment variable in the shell?

  $PATH is an environment variable. It supports all environment path for
  applications in the terminal to find themselves and work. You can see the
  PATH contents by using echo $PATH.